Let's go ahead now and in the classroom,
we have this, our workspace environment.
What's nice is, we can go ahead and we have this desktop button here.
We can go ahead and launch right into this virtual desktop environment,
and here we have a Visual Studio code.
So this is an id that's provided.
We can open it up. Let's go ahead and check out what the workspace looks like here.
So there is this directory called source,
and inside source, we're going to have
the environment.cpp file that we're just talking about.
Let's go ahead and just look at this file from high overview and see what it's doing.
Well, this file is going to be your main file
that it's going to have your main function here,
and basically what that's going to be doing is launching
this visual window that you can use
to view your point clouds and other objects in your scene.
So what other objects are those?
Well, here we're creating this simple highway environment.
So there is this highway,
and that's going to be generating these virtual cars,
this virtual street, and it's going to be rendering this all to the viewer.
Then there's also this function for doing initCamera,
and this initCamera is going to be setting up.
So when you first launch the window,
you would have these different camera views that you can look at.
So this kind of main function that you'll be launching in this environment.cpp.
Here's another big file.
This is the processPointClouds.cpp,
and this one is where it has
all these function decoration setup for doing filtering, for doing segmentation.
So if we look at this,
if we go up to the top here,
we can see that it's being defined as this class,
and it's using some different templates that we'll be talking about a little bit later.
So we can actually create a point cloud processor,
and then we have these functions here for doing filtering the Cloud.
I'm looking at doing the segmentation.
So we kind of scroll down here.
We have a clustering function.
Then we're talking a little bit about render,
and that's what's actually going to allow us to render our simulated environment.
Then the last thing,
we'll be working with this file pretty soon.
Is a lidar object which will actually be doing ray casting,
and we'll use it to create some point cloud data.